[mysterious music plays]
[intriguing music plays]
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
THE WONDERFOOLS
[music stops]
[lock buzzes. gate clangs]
THE HOLY BIBLE
[gate clangs shut]
[delicate piano music plays]
[old man coughs]
[music fades]
Are you managing all right in here?
I've been having a good time.
thanks to you.
[chuckles]
[old man] I heard you carry the Bible
with you everywhere.
So. have you been saved by the Lord?
All religions. at their core.
are simply deceptions
created to ease humanity's anxiety.
They use words of fiction and hypocrisy
to sugarcoat and glorify death.
[chuckles]
It's all lies. A load of propaganda.
[old man] Ah.
But…
I'm the real deal.
[poignant piano music plays]
That child was truly my creation.
The child?
Where are they now?
I'm sorry. I don't understand you.
You continue to claim
the Child of Eternity is out there.
I want you to prove it.
[haunting music plays]
This is the last chance
that I will grant you
to get yourself out of here.
Now. faith
is confidence in what we hope for
and assurance in what we do not see.
"All believers with true faith in the Lord
shall be saved."
[Un-jeong] But…
[dramatic music plays]
…from what I remember.
the Child of Eternity
was definitely a boy.
[boy] It's okay.
I can't die.
[Un-jeong] There's only one way
to find out the truth.
[screams]
[gasps]
[music stops]
Where is she? I don't see her. Do you?
[man 1] Where the hell did she go?
[man 2] My God.
[air rushes]
[gasps] Oh!
[tense music plays]
[music fades]
[Gyeong-hun whispers] Chae.
[gasps]
[haunting music plays]
EPISODE 3
BRUTES AND BAD LUCK DO COME IN DROVES
[music fades]
[man] 3972. It was him.
You're sure.
You double-checked the number?
Do you know him?
He's the kid Pal-ho used to hate.
Don't you remember?
When he got his ability. Father
barely paid attention to Pal-ho anymore.
Just shut up.
[video game playing quietly]
But this is a bit too much
to be a coincidence.
Why'd he come back to Haeseong-si?
Didn't ask him. did ya?
[game character laughs] I'll kill you!
[sighs]
He was throwing a variant in the air.
It seemed like
he was looking for something.
What do you think?
-Could Father maybe be--
-[woman 1] Nah. no way.
Would Father have called in others
without telling us about it?
Would he?
Do you know what's going on?
All right. I'll look into it.
-For now. you two keep your mouths shut.
-[man] What are you talking about?
Father. it seems
another variant has appeared.
Then what are you doing here?
Go collect it.
[somber music plays]
Yes. Of course.
Ah. there's more to this.
[music fades]
[bird coos]
-[bird coos]
-[gasps]
[Ro-bin] Ah. you're awake.
You pass out.
and it really looks like you're sleeping.
What… is that?
What happened?
Uh. I swear I didn't throw it that hard.
I have no idea how a plain old soda can
goes through a wall. [chuckles]
What am I doing here?
Mr. Son said you passed out
in the abandoned greenhouse earlier.
He brought you here.
[gasps. mutters]
[intriguing music plays]
Ro-bin. you know. uh…
Mm?
It wasn't time travel.
Or a near-death experience.
Oh. it obviously wasn't.
How would that even work?
I think I teleported.
[dramatic music plays]
[music fades]
I finished all those deliveries
we needed to do today.
so you don't need to be mad anymore.
What's the point
of buying a 70th birthday wreath
if it's only gonna be delivered after
the party's over?
It could give her strength
to reach her 80th.
I'm trying to stay calm right now
because I don't relish the idea
of raising Cheong without a father.
but there is a limit.
Honey. Look. I was hoping
to get a lot of work done this morning.
but my friend's father
suddenly passed away and…
[Mi-hui] Ha! Oh. nice try.
Everyone knows
you don't have any friends. [scoffs]
It's funny how many
of your imaginary friends' fathers
seem to keep conveniently passing away!
That's because a lot of them are children
of divorce and their mothers remarried.
so they have two dads.
Let's go.
Go ahead. I'll finish
wiping all this down first.
[bell jingles]
[mysterious music plays]
Oh. damn it!
Oh. come on!
Oh! Goddammit!
Gah! Come on!
-[bell jingles]
-I'll be done soon. I'm just finishing up.
[dramatic music plays]
[Un-jeong] Looks like
a variant has appeared.
I need to know what's going on.
Please get back to me.
[machine beeps]
DELETE
[Gyeong-hun] What is it now?
Be honest.
Something's up with you. isn't it?
[music fades]
I don't know what you mean.
Did you see the damage
Ro-bin did to the wall with that can?
And how I just disappear randomly?
I can't explain it!
I just go zoom-zoom from place to place
in the blink of an eye.
I have no idea what you're talking about.
but you can't barge into my store
and expect me to listen
to this made-up story! God!
I… I have to finish wiping this down now.
Come on! I'm telling you.
Here. look at this.
Earlier. I almost got shot in the ocean.
Look! A bullet hole.
So I'll ask you again.
Have you felt anything strange at all?!
I'm so normal I should be studied in a lab
where they specialize in normalcy.
Now go away. For the last time.
I don't wanna be around you guys.
because we are so fundamentally different.
You got that?
[Gyeong-hun groans]
What the hell?
[Gyeong-hun gasps]
Huh? Are you stuck?
[breathes shakily]
You are totally stuck. aren't you?
-Whoa! Stop!
-[Chae-ni] Oh!
[mysterious music plays]
[Gyeong-hun groans]
Did you turn into a sticky note?
That's insane!
[groans]
[Gyeong-hun panting]
I think all of us got messed up. Oh!
Was there a toxic spill
in our neighborhood?
Or did someone put a curse on us?
Most people would call these
our superpowers.
Enough!
Let's just call this what it is. A curse!
-The phenol. It was the phenol!
-Phenol?
We've been cursed
by the Industrial Revolution!
None of this is good at all!
Quiet! You know it's true.
-There's no other explanation for it.
-Ha! This is insane.
I…
I knew something was wrong when I saw
that stupid bird's eyes blinking sideways.
Stop that!
You two can't let anyone
find out about this.
You've gotta keep it under wraps
until the day you die.
Why?
Do you think someone might wanna
kidnap us to run experiments?
I'd prefer that!
Everyone already considers me a nightmare
for being associated with the two of you.
If word gets out that I'm some sort
of creepy human adhesive.
it's gonna get much worse!
My daughter. Cheong.
and my poor wife…
[cries] …they're not gonna suffer
because of this.
You'll see!
I'm gonna make it right. [cries]
I will keep my family safe. Is that clear?
I'm sorry. Is anyone here against
you keeping your family safe. Mr. Son?
Let's keep it that way!
Just make sure you two
keep your damn mouths shut
and hopefully none of this craziness
ever gets out!
Huh.
What did you see that scared you?
Nothing! I don't know what you're saying.
I know you're scared right now. Mr. Son.
Why? It's okay. You can tell me
what it was. Tell me what you saw.
[breathes shakily]
Come on! Tell us!
Hold on. Just a minute.
If you don't spill right now.
we're gonna tell everyone
that everyone's favorite nightmare
has turned into a giant sticky note!
Get off!
What's wrong with you?
You almost died.
Or do you really not remember
that Oddball almost killed you?
[Gyeong-hun sighs]
[thunder crashes]
[mysterious music plays]
[music fades]
Whoa. Looks like we got
real dark clouds rolling in.
[chuckles]
It's such a cliché.
but in movies. something terrible always
happens in moments like this.
[laughs]
-[thunder crashes]
-Oh!
Ma'am. you need to take a number
and wait for…
So. what can I help you with?
[sighs] You really want me to say
the reason I came in?
Please go for it.
What happened in that greenhouse?
Do you want me to continue?
I thought about calling the police.
But I thought I'd give you
the courtesy of hearing you out.
I'm not exactly sure
what you're talking about.
Oh. So maybe I should be more clear. then?
How do you explain what you threw?
What was that?
Su…
per… pow--
I don't think that's something
that I can help you with.
-[bell chimes]
-Next person!
[intriguing music plays]
-[bell chimes]
-Next person.
[bell chimes repeatedly]
[bell chiming]
[chiming stops]
[dramatic military march music playing]
[bell chimes rapidly]
Should we be
helping him out with her at all?
I think train wreck
may be a little too much for the newbie.
It'll make him stronger.
If he can overcome this woman. Un-jeong
will be a civil complaints master.
-[bell chimes repeatedly]
-[breathes shakily]
Mr. Yang! We're supposed to install
those partitions in the main hall. right?
Uh. yeah. but not till this afternoon.
What about cleaning
that dog poop at the park?
[Mr. Yang] Don't worry.
Lee Sang-min and his team are on it.
Aren't we running
a street cleaning campaign?
That's only on Friday.
First. you have to put a team together.
Cleaning an area that size by yourself
would be too much for anyone.
[Chae-ni] Hey! Over here!
Feels like you're ignoring
your civic duty. sir! Hm?
Oh. Mr. Yang. I just remembered.
we got that complaint from Haedeul-ri.
They said there was an odor.
[Mr. Yang] We don't have any vehicles
today. and it's quite far.
And. you know.
the buses don't run out there.
It's okay. I'll walk. I got it.
Oh. can I turn invisible now. too.
or is this just how you treat customers?
You can go. We should identify the source
of the smell before we take action.
Okay. go. go. go now.
-Go. go. go. go. go quickly! Now! Go!
-Okay.
OUT ON BUSINESS
[music stops]
Chae-ni's fine. right?
There's so many people in City Hall.
No way he's dumb enough to try anything.
Oh!
[Chae-ni] Come on. you two.
Hurry up! Start the car!
-[Gyeong-hun] Whoa! Hey. wait!
-[Ro-bin] Hey. Chae-ni. are you okay?
Did he try to attack you? Make sure
you've got all your fingers and toes!
If you were so worried.
why'd you let me go in all by myself?
I told you it was risky.
It's not my fault you're so reckless.
[exciting music plays]
So. what did he tell you in there?
How does that energy blaster work?
Is it really a superpower? Or some
kinda disease? Why'd he hit you with it?
[Gyeong-hun] You should've asked him
if this is just our burden.
or if there's some kind of government plan
to compensate us for this whole thing.
I'll be sure to mention it to him
if you step on it now!
Yeah. fine.
[Chae-ni] Come on! He's getting away!
Hurry. hurry. hurry!
Don't drive like a grandma. Go. go. go!
[music fades]
[man] The reason I contacted you. Ms. Kim.
is that his entire family is abroad.
and we found a suicide note at the scene.
It was addressed to you.
Suicide note?
Are you saying
that Director Choi killed himself?
If you'd like to take a look.
TO MS. KIM JEON-BOK
[Choi] Dr. Ha Won-do is innocent.
He was an honorable scholar.
You people are the ones
who have done wrong here.
You should all beg Dr. Ha Won-do
to forgive you.
[uneasy music plays]
Director Choi.
I'm not going to keep asking you.
Where is the Child of Eternity?
[echoing] Tell him now.
[Choi gasps]
[sinister music plays]
[whispers] Hearty House.
Ms. Kim.
[flesh squelches]
[gentle piano music plays]
[child singing "Der Mond ist aufgegangen"]
[children cough]
[sirens wail]
[reporter 1] There was an explosion
at an orphanage in Haeseong-si
early this morning.
The fire department
was quick to respond to the call.
but. unfortunately. the fire proved
very difficult to get under control.
While searching through the remains.
the fire department and police officers
who were on the scene…
The unexpected discovery
of many children in the lab itself
sent shockwaves through the city as
the youth receive the necessary treatment.
[reporter 3] The person
in charge of the lab is Dr. Ha Won-do.
a specialist in cell regeneration.
It is suspected that he has been
conducting illegal clinical trials
on the children at the orphanage.
The police stated
they will investigate the researchers
who were involved in the experiments.
[reporter 4] Dr. Ha!
Dr. Ha. could we have a few words please!
[officer] Stand back!
[gasps]
THE HOLY BIBLE
[music fades]
[knocking on door]
[exhales]
Yes. hello. ma'am.
What can I do for you?
Ah. yes. I'm sorry. ma'am.
Uh. we received a missing persons report.
[sighs]
Hm.
[woman] miscommunication
can be an issue with different religions.
even when it's within the same family.
[scoffs] But I mean. locking up a runaway?
-Isn't that a bit much?
-Uh…
[gentle organ music plays]
[woman] Everyone in here
came of their own free will.
Feel free to ask them yourselves.
Understood. However. it's our duty
to follow through on every report.
We'd appreciate your cooperation.
Of course. Go ahead.
Hey.
[hushed chatter]
Wow. this place is impressive.
[both chuckle]
Uh. anyhow. thank you
for your cooperation.
-[woman] Don't worry about it.
-[chuckles]
Is there a basement here?
Do you want to go downstairs?
[uneasy music plays]
-[music fades]
-[man whimpers]
What the hell is that?
Kim Bong-pal.
I'm sorry I haven't paid you back
what I owe you.
[liquid burbles]
[uneasy music plays]
Huh? Oh my God. Police!
Over here!
Hello! Over here!
Here. here. here!
Help me please. sir! Over here!
This is an area that we've set up
for our congregants to rest.
[ethereal music plays]
Wow. this is really. uh…
Wow. [chuckles softly]
Jeez. It must have cost
a pretty penny to set this up.
[chuckles]
[music fades]
These fish look expensive as well.
I saw them in a book when I was younger.
What?
[chuckles] Okay. [chuckles]
[unsettling music plays]
[man] Over here! Look. look!
I… I'm right here!
Please get me out of here!
Hey! Please. sir! Help me!
Hey! Over here!
Hey!
Hey! Please.
You… you gotta get me out of here!
[whimpers]
Here. Here!
I'm right here!
Hey. come on.
I'm right here. Please help me!
Yes. yes. yes. Yes. yes.
Ah. get me out. Get me out!
[mysterious music plays]
Yes. yes! Right here!
Just let me out! Just a little closer!
Please! I… I'm right here!
Let me out. Please! Help me!
Would you like to keep looking around?
[man] No! No!
Uh. no. I… I think
we've seen enough. [chuckles] Come on.
Yeah.
I'll see you out.
Don't go! Don't go!
Don't go! Please don't go! Wait!
Hey! I'm right here. you bastard!
Hey! Hey! Hey! Help me!
[music fades]
Isn't the next bus to Haedeul-ri
not for another two hours?
Yeah. and the forecast said
it's supposed to rain.
Oh God. It's really gonna pour.
Yeah. well. my question
is about to pour out too.
I'm just wondering if all this
phenol poisoning is gonna be our problem.
or if there's some kind of plan or
compensation in place from the government.
We don't know how long we're gonna be
sitting. Should we do some acrostic poems?
-Sure.
-I'm in.
I'll go first.
Uh… Su!
Super spooked.
Per!
Perplexing.
[Ro-bin] Power!
[intriguing music plays]
Powerful predicament!
[all laughing]
-[Gyeong-hun] Well done!
-[Chae-ni] Like that?
-I thought of one too. Set me up. Ro-bin.
-Su…
-Super anxious. are you?
-[Ro-bin] Per!
Perhaps you also have a superpower?
[Ro-bin] Power!
[all] Powerful predicament!
[all laugh]
[Gyeong-hun] Stop waving
that knife around.
-[sighs]
-[laughter]
[Gyeong-hun] You're gonna
hurt somebody with that!
[Chae-ni] High five! [laughs]
What? You gonna try and blast me again?
Who knows what he can do?
I wouldn't provoke him if I were you.
Well. I'd like to see you try. Huh?
We're not just gonna back down.
Fine.
I'll back down.
Chae-ni! That's mine!
Give me that! Hey! Come on!
Give me my bag!
What are you doing? [grunts]
Let me out of here!
What are you doing? Huh?
-[Un-jeong yells]
-[music fades]
CHURCH OF ETERNAL SALVATION
Well. I'm glad that ended up
being a false alarm.
It's not fun getting mixed up
with those wacky religious groups.
Okay. what is that stuff
you keep putting on yourself?
Oh. I'm not putting it on. I've just been
sweating a lot these past few days.
Oh my God! That's not sweat!
Something weird must've gotten on you.
-I'm telling you. it's sweat.
-Jesus.
-Maybe it's a reaction to something I ate?
-Let's go.
[unsettling music plays]
[music fades]
[all talking at once]
[Chae-ni] This superpower made my heart
healthier. Hopefully it stays like that!
[Ro-bin] If we do get kidnapped.
are they gonna wanna try to chop me up?
-[all talking at once]
-[Ro-bin] Cut me into pieces.
-[Gyeong-hun] I think monetizing this--
-Excuse me!
Do you think I can understand
any of you right now?
I didn't get a word of that.
Everyone was talking at once.
If you'd just listen.
I'm trying to tell you!
All three of us have superpowers now.
Mr. Son's like superglue.
He can super-throw.
And I'm a super-teleporter.
I still don't understand a word of this.
Are you serious? Do you really think
I didn't see what you can do. huh?
You did that. right?
You're not Mr. Oddball.
You're Mr. Energy Blast.
And it looked like you had
actual control over your power.
So maybe you can do all three of us a huge
favor and show us how to control it.
Come on. man. I wanna know.
We could all really use your help here.
And plus. I'm scared.
[Chae-ni] Hey. you.
Uh… [groans]
Sorry about that. I was trying
to surprise you. Bring out your power.
But I guess good reflexes
aren't a part of them.
I think you just wanted
a reason to hit me.
All right. get over it!
I won't ask you
to show us your powers again.
All you have to do
is tell us what's going on.
If you can do that.
I'll forget that you blasted me
with your weird energy thing.
All you have to do is explain it.
And if you want. I'll call you sensei!
I don't know what the three of you saw
that led you all to this delusion.
Sounds like this goes
above the Civil Complaints Office.
Therefore. I can't help.
[sighs]
So basically what you're saying is
we have to handle this on our own. Right?
Yeah.
[tires screech]
[Gyeong-hun] Get out right now!
You kidnapped me. You can't just leave me
on the side of the road!
-I don't know where we are!
-[Chae-ni grunts]
The least you could do
is tell me how to get home!
I'm sorry. but that sounds like a question
for the Civil Complaints Office.
Hey. Ro-bin. don't just stand there
like a bump on a log. Help us!
-[Ro-bin] Huh? [strains]
-Oh shit. Come on now!
-[all strain]
-[tires screech]
-[Ro-bin gasps]
-[Chae-ni] Huh?
[Ro-bin] Wh… Oh!
Whoa. hey. watch out! Hey. hey! Hey. hey!
Hey. Gyeong-hwan. hey!
What's wrong with you?
Come on! Snap out of it. man!
Hey. Gyeong-hwan! Hey. Gyeong-hwan!
[screams]
-[car crashes]
-[all gasp]
[glass smashes]
[Gyeong-hun] Don't breathe in the smoke.
[Chae-ni] Oh no!
Is this thing gonna explode?
-[Gyeong-hun] One. two. three!
-[Chae-ni] Oh. hurry! Hurry up! Hurry up!
[all strain]
-There!
-[Gyeong-hun] Let's help him up first.
-[Chae-ni] He okay?
-[Gyeong-hun] Officer?
Does he even have a pulse?
Oh my! Oh. hurry. hurry. hurry! Go. yeah!
[Chae-ni gasps]
-[Ro-bin] He's so heavy.
-[Chae-ni grunts]
Whoa! Oh. Hey. sir! Give me your hand!
Oh. I can't reach. I can't reach!
Agh! Oh. Ro-bin! Hey. Ro-bin. come here!
[Chae-ni and Ro-bin strain]
[gasps] Oh my God. oh my God. oh my God.
Hey. sir!
Sir. you gotta wake up!
Oh jeez. is he dead?
Oh. please don't be dead!
[Chae-ni gasps]
[unsettling music plays]
What's wrong with his body?
Is that a fracture?
[Ro-bin] This is…
Oh. he's covered in sweat.
What is this stuff?
-Hey. sir! Watch it.
-Let's help him out of there.
-[Ro-bin strains]
-Oh. pull him. Come on. hurry!
[screams]
Oh. come on. we gotta move! [screams]
-Oh. Oh. Fire. fire. fire!
-[Gyeong-hun] Get away from there! Now!
[Chae-ni] God. oh God! Oh!
What do we do now? [yelps]
These two have a freaking death wish.
[strains] Push!
[strains]
Hey. come on! Help us!
Are you just gonna stand there and watch?
[groans]
[both strain]
Are you seriously not gonna help us. huh?
You saving your superpowers
for a rainy day or what?
How about giving us a hand?
Do you even have superpowers?
Or did we imagine it?
[Gyeong-hun] Hey. hey. stop pushing
and get outta there. It's gonna explode!
First responders will be here soon.
That's their job! Don't!
It's not up to you to save everyone.
Leave it to the professionals!
You're useless and must be
the most selfish person I've ever met!
[growls] Hey. make yourself useful.
Grab some water and put this fire out now!
[dramatic music plays]
How am I supposed to do that?
You know what? I'm not listening to you!
Someone here needs to obey the law.
Shit. I'll go around
the other side. I guess.
[Chae-ni and Ro-bin strain]
Oh! It's not budging. damn it!
[both strain]
[sighs]
[Chae-ni strains]
[dramatic music playing]
Hey. Chae-ni.
I got my strength back! Oh! Oh!
I… I…
[strains] I…
I… I'm lifting a whole car!
I have super strength too! [panting]
I'm useful. Chae-ni.
Wow. great.
You're amazing. Ro-bin. Yeah. Uh…
[music fades]
Keep using your strength.
You got this. Ro-bin.
[panting] Okay.
[strains]
I don't know why she has to be so rude
every time she opens her mouth.
Oh. whoa! What the hell?
[water laps]
[mysterious music plays]
[whimpers]
[strains]
Ah. I gotcha. buddy.
What's wrong with this guy?
Why's he so slippery?
Oh God. come on.
You're still with me. right?
Oh. please don't be dead.
You can't die on me. sir!
I mean. even if you do wake up.
there's clearly something wrong with you.
Even when I did yoga.
I didn't stretch as much as you.
Not to mention the sweat.
I mean. what is that stuff. really?
[Ro-bin strains]
[panting]
[music fades]
Whew. Well done. Ro-bin.
[breathes heavily]
That was pretty sweet.
[Gyeong-hun] Guys! A carp! It was huge!
It was almost the size of a… Oh my God!
-Hey!. just put out that fire. will ya!
-Oh. [yelps]
[Gyeong-hun grunts]
[strains]
Hey! A carp.
This carp was freaking huge. and it looked
straight at me and then it winked. [moans]
I just… I just picked up
this entire police car!
Oh. shut up. I'm serious.
I really did see a carp that big. I swear!
It even had lashes
on its tiny little eyelids too!
Why are you the only one
who keeps seeing messed-up stuff?
Not gonna lie. it's weird.
Are you implying
that I'm lying to you right now?
I've never told one single lie
in my entire life. Do you hear me?
What's going on? Hmm?
[tense music plays]
Are you kidding me?
[gasps]
Oh my God!
[dramatic music plays]
Get off of me! Are you trying to kill us?
-I'm trying! I can't let go of you!
-[Ro-bin] Huh?
What is it? Are you stuck?
Come on! What timing!
[both yelp]
[breathes shakily]
-[Gyeong-hun whimpers]
-Damn it!
Hurry up. Hurry up. Hurry. hurry!
Get it off. Get it off!
How do I do that. huh?
Oh God. What do we do? Get off!
-[groans]
-Come on! Get off me!
[Chae-ni screams]
Do something. won't you?!
If you don't.
they'll both be roasted alive!
[Ro-bin] We're dead!
[whimpers]
Please let go! Please!
Oh my God. we're gonna die!
What the… Wait!
Did you just do something. Oddball?
'Cause now would be the perfect time!
Yeah! If you have powers.
I'd use 'em soon!
Come on! Hurry up.
The fire's getting bigger!
Ah! You're just gonna let them die?
[Chae-ni screams]
[dramatic music continues]
[Gyeong-hun] Whoa!
Whoa.
[both yelling]
[groans]
-[Ro-bin groans]
-[Gyeong-hun] Um. hello? What about me?
Mr. Son!
Go on! Get outta here!
Not without you!
I said to get away from here. and now!
You need to move. you useless little shit!
God. you never listen to me.
Mr. Son…
[sorrowful music plays]
What?
Is he actually gonna die?
[retches]
It can't end like this.
His life doesn't end like that. No way!
I can't let this happen.
If he's gonna die.
I'll be the one who kills him…
[music stops]
-Mr. Son!
-[Gyeong-hun] Go! Please. go!
[Gyeong-hun sobs]
[strains]
I told you to go!
Back away before it blows up!
Find somebody else to help!
Please! Stop. Hurry up and go! [sobs] Run!
I promise. I did this before!
I don't know why it stopped working
all of a sudden!
[both yelp]
Oh God! You and I
are both done for! [screams]
But why does it have to be you?
Why are you the last person I have to see?
Why you?
The most useless person in the world!
I told you to stop making fun of me!
[gasps]
Can you keep going?
Oh! [gasps]
[dramatic music plays]
Oh. fire! Fire!
[yelps]
[Ro-bin strains]
[roars]
[breathes heavily]
Use this to cut off his arm!
[music stops]
[both gasp]
[Chae-ni] You're alive?
Whoa! You're alive!
-[gentle music plays]
-Hey. Ro-bin. you…
You. uh. uh…
Yeah. that's right.
I just saved your life.
You also have phenol poisoning.
That's very clear.
[sighs]
-[Chae-ni laughs]
-[Un-jeong sighs]
We saved the day!
[laughs]
-Wow!
-[Un-jeong sighs]
You know. we're kinda amazing. Aren't we?
[Chae-ni laughing]
[Chae-ni sighs]
[Chae-ni chuckles]
Wow!
That's a fire!
-[sirens wail]
-[chuckles]
Here you go.
[music fades]
Did you look into what I asked you to?
There were security cameras
at Director Choi's home.
Unfortunately. the footage is gone.
Someone appears to have taken it.
And you have no idea
who that might have been?
[mysterious music plays]
No fingerprints or traces were found.
The police seem baffled by all of it.
Wouldn't it be best for you to close the
restaurant for a while and go into hiding?
Four people involved in this mess
have already died.
[man] Check. please.
Ah. Yes. yes.
[music fades]
FLOWERS
So. what was up
with that cop in the car earlier?
Is turning into some kind of weird
pool noodle a superpower now?
[Gyeong-hun] We're not the only ones
who got messed up.
Pigeons. carp. and now
even those cops.
It's more proof that our entire town
is getting poisoned.
[sighs]
So. what are we gonna do now?
Why are you asking me?
Well. we all used our powers together.
That makes us a team. doesn't it?
-A team?
We saved those two cops
by working together. right?
That makes it official.
[Gyeong-hun] And all with zero thoughts
of financial gain.
Wait a minute.
Do you guys think maybe we could claim
some kind of reward for that?
-[gasps]
-Whoa!
That would be awesome!
Hey! Be careful.
And the first thing we can do
is split that reward four ways.
What do you think of that?
No. I'm through with all this.
I think you three can deal
with what happened to you on your own.
I don't know what you all want from me.
but even if I did.
there's nothing I can do to help you.
I don't really want to get involved.
[Chae-ni] Jeez. He really didn't need
to draw the line like that.
No compassion.
I guess he really doesn't like us.
Who exactly would like us?
Anyway. that's one less mouth to feed.
And as far as that reward money goes.
don't need to split it
with him now either.
[intriguing music plays]
Shall we?
[chuckles]
[Chae-ni laughs]
[all laugh]
[music stops]
[quiet suspenseful music plays]
HAESEONG DRAINAGE PLANS
GYEGO-1-DONG DRAINAGE PLAN
GYEGO-2-DONG
HAEDEUL-RI DRAINAGE PLAN
STORMWATER SEWER WINGWALL
[Un-jeong] 13 Haedeul-ri.
13 Haedeul-ri.
13 Haejeon-eup.
CHURCH OF ETERNAL SALVATION
PRAYER HOUSE
[music fades]
-[talking at once]
-Wait. What do you mean they're not here?
I don't know what to tell you. No police
officers have come to the hospital today.
-Now excuse me. I have work to do.
-[woman] Nurse Eom!
Yes. I'm coming!
-[Ro-bin sighs]
-Wait.
They definitely said
those cops were coming here. right?
But she just said they didn't.
[haunting music plays]
[music fades]
[Chae-ni] What do you mean
you never got the report?
No. I'm serious. We definitely made one.
Look. I'm telling you.
It was a huge accident!
The ambulance came and told us they
were taking them to Haeseong Hospital.
[man] I'm sorry. ma'am.
but you're mistaken.
We have no record
of any report or dispatch to Haedeul-ri.
And definitely no accident
involving police officers.
[mysterious music plays]
What the heck's going on?
If there's no record of that report.
then who were those paramedics
who came to take the cops?
[gasps] And what about the cops?
Who knows where they disappeared to?
Most likely.
they were taken by the people
who don't want the truth
of this whole thing getting out there.
So if those people find out about us.
does that mean they'll come for us too?
What if
they come take us away
to maybe vivisect us or something?
Oh. shit. Who knows what they'd do to us?
What do we do? I'm scared. Chae-ni.
RELIGIOUS FACILITIES
I have nothing to do with this.
I should stay out of it.
[music fades]
[tense music plays]
[footsteps approach]
[tense music builds]
[dramatic music plays]
[tense music plays]
Outsiders are not permitted in this area.
Well. I mean… it's quite the maze in here.
I'd imagine people get lost fairly often.
And end up in places they don't belong.
Finding things they shouldn't find.
Not knowing it could be the end of them.
It's tragic. Don't you agree.
3972?
You sure?
A lot of people will die if we do this.
It's your last warning.
[music stops]
Lee Un-Jeong! I was looking for you
everywhere. Good timing.
Think you can get those partitions up
in the main hall now?
I'd do it myself. but I gotta prep
for the big meeting tomorrow.
-I'll get right on it.
-Hm. Good.
Did you see where Lee Sang-min went? Um…
Lee Un-Jeong.
I'll get straight to the point
as you seem a little busy.
[tense music plays]
Why did you come back to Haeseong-si?
I'm sorry. do you need a reason?
Civil servants go wherever they're called.
Father didn't happen to…
ask you here. did he?
You're joking.
Don't tell me you still call the man
who turned you into this "Father."
I call him Father
because he turned me into this.
Like with you.
he took me from the soft. unwanted 4885
and he made me
into the Kim Pal-ho I am today.
Our father needed someone strong.
So he made me strong.
He made you a monster
and used you to get what he wanted.
That's the truth.
Always has been.
I won't bother asking
what you and Dr. Ha Won-do
are up to in Haedeul-ri.
Because frankly. I don't care
and don't want any part in it.
[exhales]
But still. if you do insist
on creating more variants.
wouldn't that cause an issue?
Don't worry about that.
We've been collecting
the defective variants already.
Collecting?
This way. the world will be
more beautiful and clean.
[haunting music plays]
You and I both
are defective variants as well.
brother.
Didn't you know that?
You're lying!
No. we're not.
Do you know why Father
called us Wunderkinder?
It's because we are child wonders.
We're miracle children!
[somber music plays]
[breathes shakily]
Please get out of here.
And don't ever come near me again.
I wanna be left in peace.
[dramatic music plays]
1999 HAESEONG
FREE LEGAL CONSULTATIONS
[music fades]
[sighs]
Just forget about the whole thing.
It's got nothing to do with you.
[door opens]
[sighs]
[intriguing music plays]
I just came from Haeseong Hospital.
and those cops have disappeared.
We went through all that trouble
to save them. but now they're gone.
And now there's
no record of them anywhere.
Hey! Look at me!
You know exactly
what's going on here. don't you?
I'm in the middle of something right now.
Please just get out of here.
Do you know if we're in danger?
Are my friends and I gonna disappear too?
Just like what happened to those two cops?
-[Un-jeong sighs]
-Where would they even take us?
Is it some kind of secret government
agency like Nightmare said?
What do they do there?
Do we get tortured or actually vivisected?
This is why I keep telling you
to keep your mouths shut.
So these people don't find out about you.
Instead. you all want to form
some public super trio!
[Un-jeong sighs]
[huffs]
Let me ask you one thing. These powers.
do… you know if they expire?
'Cause I didn't die. but I did come back
from the brink of death.
And when I did. somehow my body
became healthier than it is ever was.
[sighs]
I'm never out of breath.
I don't bruise. and I never get sick.
I'm very happy for you. Now please go.
[sighs]
You need to tell me what this power is.
I wanna know how I ended up with it
and how to use it.
You're the only person
I can ask about this.
Everyone thinks I'm crazy already.
This won't help.
If this power goes away. does that mean
that I'll die for good?
[gentle music plays]
You really never heard of Wunderkinder?
Why do you keep bringing up
"Boon the King Duck?"
[playful music]
What is it? Ducks or other animals
that were genetically modified?
Did I eat some kind of magic duck?
Am I turning into a duck?
Wunderkinder was an experiment.
-[music stops]
-It was a failure.
But there was a…
[door opens]
[woman] You in here. Un-Jeong?
It's Kim Na-yeong from downstairs.
You in here?
[whispers] Uh. you should probably go.
No. What is this
"Boon the King Duck" thing?
Am I turning into a duck or not?
You're not a duck. okay?
I'm not saying anything more.
So please leave. would ya?
Okay.
So maybe I should ask the woman over there
if she knows anything about this.
Hey! You ever heard
of "Boon the King Duck." lady?
Since the person with the superpowers
has no clue.
-[Na-yeong] Hello?
-Should I ask her about it now?
[Na-yeong running]
Hey. there's a guy--
You understand I'm not the only one
you'd be putting at risk?
-Are you an idiot or what?
-[muffled] Idiot?
[intriguing music plays]
-Let go of me. Get--
-Shut up.
[Chae-ni groaning]
Are you in here?
[tense music plays]
[music stops]
Oh. there you are!
I thought I heard you. [chuckles]
Uh. Mr. Yang asked me to come
give you a hand down here. [giggles]
Oh. No need. I. uh…
I got pretty much all of it done.
Oh my God.
Oh! Oh. what… what happened
to your face? Are you okay?
I'm blushing.
Ah. you're so cute.
[giggles]
Listen. I wanted to come down to help you.
[sighs] It's just you never come
to the staff dinners or get-togethers.
and I've never had a chance
to talk to you one-on-one. [giggles]
And I've kinda always
really wanted us to talk.
[clears throat] Oh. I… I'll just make sure
these are aligned for you. [giggles]
Yes.
[Na-yeong chuckles]
[tense music sting]
-[gasps]
-Oh. right.
You're heading the street cleanup campaign
this coming Friday. right?
Have you put together a team yet?
If not I could. uh…
[suspenseful music plays]
I should finish up here. But I'll see you
at the campaign on Friday.
You will?
Any chance you'll join us for dinner
after we've finished the cleaning?
I'll be there. Of course.
[giggles] Okay. great! I'll see you then.
[giggles]
[sighs]
[music fades]
[Chae-ni] Hey. do you mind
giving me a hand. please?
[gulps]
[yells]
Huh?
[ethereal music plays]
[gasps]
How could you keep this a secret?!
[gasps] Sensei!
[jaunty music plays]
[giggles]
[Chae-ni yelps]
[Un-jeong sighs]
Okay. that hurt.
I'm all right though. [sighs]
You don't have to worry.
It doesn't expire.
[music fades]
The first time. I also nearly died.
But then…
[mysterious music plays]
…I ended up like this.
You're not gonna die.
[music fades]
[exhales happily]
[laughs]
I'm good!
I'm good. everyone!
I'm not dying anymore!
[laughs]
Whoo-ee!
[jaunty music plays]
[ominous music plays]
[Chae-ni hums and chuckles]
[scoffs]
[chuckles]
[groans]
[gasps]
Oh shit.
[sighs]
[tense music plays]
[cell phone rings]
Hello?
[Un-jeong] It's me.
Sensei. what's up? What?
Uh…
Well…
[sighs]
Are you doing anything this Friday?
I won't even ask what's going on.
I shall bequeath my Friday to you. Sensei!
Yeah. I mean.
you don't have to bequeath anything.
[dramatic synth pop music plays]
There's a street-cleaning campaign
I want you to join.
I'm gonna need a team.
Oh my God!
Where are you. Sensei?
I want you to stay right where you are.
I'm on my way right now! [squeals]
[sighs]
I shouldn't ask. but…
But did you just save a defective variant?
[tense music plays]
[sighs]
Yeah.
[laughing]
-Ah. shit.
-[music fades]
Oh. is this like my superhero uniform
or what? [squeals]
Not gonna lie.
it's less stylish than I expected.
What do you think. Sensei?
Am I rocking that yellow?
Blink once if it looks good on me.
Okay!
[laughs]
-Oh!
-Please don't touch that!
Oh. look at that.
Oh. right on time for lunch.
Lunch is important. right?
The food here's free. isn't it?
Whoa! I can't believe
I'm gonna eat a meal at City Hall! [gasps]
Is it true the food here is really bad?
What kind of food do you like. Sensei?
I wanna know everything you like.
Whatever you want.
my grandmother will make it.
[squeals]
See. I'm the granddaughter
of the owner of Hearty House.
Eun Chae-ni!
[laughs]
Oh. is this a massage chair back here?
People here probably
need to massage their backs
with all the guilt they carry around!
Is this your seat?
[cell phone buzzes]
There you are! Where have you been. Eunie?
Huh? Think it's funny to ignore my calls
all day? You trying to make me angry?
Oh. I'm sorry. I've been busy. Grandma.
But don't worry. it's all good. [laughs]
Guess who just got a job at City Hall?
What are you going on about?
Hold. please.
Hey. Sensei!
-Come here for a second. would ya?
-Sensei? Who are you calling Sensei?
Okay. You need to tell my grandma
that I got a job.
Hurry. Come on. hurry.
A job. A job. Go ahead.
Yes. Hello.
I'm. uh. Assistant Junior Official
Lee Un-jeong.
from the Civil Complaints Office
at City Hall.
Sure. sure. sure. You may hire
my granddaughter at any time. Yeah.
Pardon? Oh!
Oh. that's not it.
Uh. although the position
is only temporary.
Eun Chae-ni does have a job here.
Just to confirm that.
-[Chae-ni] Keep going.
-My granddaughter? Are you sure?
-[Chae-ni] What? Tell her the rest!
-You said it was at City Hall?
-What else do you want me to say?
-Fine. give it!
Grandma. I'm carrying out important civil
duties right now. so I'm busy. Goodbye.
My granddaughter's fortune
is really going to come true?
[gentle music plays]
[gasps]
[music fades]
Hello.
Hello there.
Hello there. [laughs]
The fortune teller mentioned
a government career! Hello!
Hello there! Hello there!
Hello! Hello there!
Whoo! Oh. my granddaughter's got a job!
She got a job!
Hello! Hello there!
[laughing] Hurray!
She got herself a job!
HEARTY HOUSE
Hey. hey! Ha-na. Du-na. Won-ju. Sang-ju!
Put the rice pot on the stove.
I have amazing news!
Our Chae-ni is going to work
for the government!
[laughs]
Well. I was expecting
a bigger reaction than that.
But just get the cooker
on the stove. okay?
There's some people here to see you.
[tense music plays]
You haven't changed at all. Ms. Kim.
Won-ju. shut the doors.
[intriguing music plays]
[dramatic music plays]
[somber music plays]
[music stops]
[intriguing music plays]
[music fades]
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today